As stated in my project proposal, my visual argument is meant to shed light on the problematic figures that Southern states tend to deify and create monuments for. Our current president tweeted "Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments" in regards to recent events spurring the removal of Confederate Civil War monuments. This statement by President Trump reeks of ignorance, and that is what prompted me to pick this issue. There are many people that want to see these monuments preserved, but these monuments were not created to honor fallen Confederate soldiers and generals. The vast majority of these monuments were created around Jim Crow segregation laws (1890-1950). Additionally, these statues were also cheap to make. That probably explains why there are currently 1503 public Confederate monuments still up today.

While what Donald Trump said about these monuments is detrimental towards modern racial equality, I know he also isn't alone in that belief. In fact, in 2017, the cost to remove 4 Confederate statues in New Orleans was estimated to cost $170,000 to remove. However, by the end, the cost was 2.1 million. Even worse, the original contractor quit the job because people protested the removal so intensely that they set his car on fire.

My piece in its current state tries to reflect how I feel. The first thing you see when looking at my piece is two statues. Then, I think the eye naturally follows the flow downward to look at the text. For the background, I currently have red, white, and blue to instantly draw the image of the American flag. However, that is one piece of my visual argument that I am not very sold on. I think that may just be a placeholder for now. The text is my way of showing the context of these "heroes" and "people that kids can look up to". Most of the time, these Confederate "heroes" were bad people. By blindly supporting these monuments, you also support what they stand for.  